doc fixup (#24)
D-Roberts/smarter: README.md

> To run training and eval, from the repo root (need at least 40GB mem, 16 cores on arch x86_64, and a GPU for triton dependency)

Reviewer: triton dependency was removed so I'd remove the comment about triton.

> To run training and eval, from the repo root (need at least 40GB mem, 16 cores on arch x86_64, and a GPU for triton dependency)

Author: ```suggestion
To run training and eval, from the repo root (need at least 40GB mem, 16 cores on arch x86_64, and preferably a V100 GPU):
```
